Migration guide for Android 14 nonlinear text scaling (#8903)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/android-14-nonlinear-text-scaling.md

---
title: Deprecate textScaleFactor in favor of TextScaler

> description: The `textScaleFactor` scalar is replaced by `TextScaler` in preparation for Android 14 nonlinear text scaling support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The new class, `TextScaler`, replaces the `textScaleFactor` scalar in preparation for Android 14 nonlinear text scaling support.
```

system preferences. In the past, the scaling strategy was captured as a single 
`double` value named `textScaleFactor`, as text scaling was proportional: 
`scaledFontSize = textScaleFactor x unScaledFontSize`. For example, when 
`textScaleFactor` is 2.0 and the developer-specified font size is 14.0, the 
actual font size is 2.0 x 14.0 = 28.0.

With the introduction of [Android 14 nonlinear font scaling][], larger text gets
scaled at a lesser rate as compared to smaller text, to prevent excessive scaling
of text that is already large. The `textScaleFactor` scalar value used by 
"proportional" scaling is not enough to represent this new scaling strategy.
The [Replaces `textScaleFactor` with `TextScaler`][] pull request introduced a 
new class `TextScaler` to replace `textScaleFactor` in preparation for this new
feature. Nonlinear text scaling is introduced in a different pull request. 

## Description of change

Introducing a new interface `TextScaler`, which represents a text scaling strategy.

```dart
abstract class TextScaler { 
  double scale(double fontSize);
  double get textScaleFactor; // Deprecated. 
}
```

> The `scale` method should be used to scale font sizes in lieu of `textScaleFactor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `scale` method to scale font sizes instead of `textScaleFactor`.
```

The `textScaleFactor` getter provides an estimated `textScaleFactor` value, it 

> is for backward compatibility purposes and is already marked as deprecated.

Author: I thought it was discouraged to use future tenses in migration guides? Not sure how best to phrase this @sfshaza2 any suggestions?

> is for backward compatibility purposes and is already marked as deprecated.

Reviewer: That use is fine, @LongCatIsLooong.

| `EditableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument  | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `EditableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                   | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |

### Material library

| Affected APIs                                                                 | Error Message                                          |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `SelectableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument      | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.rich({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |

## Migration guide

Widgets provided by the Flutter framework are already migrated. Migration is 

> needed only if you're using any of the deprecated symbols listed above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needed only if you're using any of the deprecated symbols listed in the previous tables.
```

### Migrating your APIs that expose `textScaleFactor`

Before:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, double textScaleFactor) { 
  }
}
```

After:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, TextScaler textScaler) { 
  }
}
```

### Migrating code that consumes `textScaleFactor`

If you're not currently using `textScaleFactor` directly, but rather passing it 
to a different API that receives a `textScaleFactor`, and the receiver API has 

> already been migrated, then it's relateively straightforward:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already been migrated, then it's relatively straightforward:
```

Before:
```dart 
RichText( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(context),
  ...
)
```

After:
```dart 
RichText( 
  textScaler: MediaQuery.textScalerOf(context),
  ...
)
```

> If the receiver API hasn't been migrated yet, optionally, you could migrate your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the receiver API hasn't been migrated yet, you could migrate your 
```

> If the receiver API hasn't been migrated yet, optionally, you could migrate your 

Reviewer 2: I would remove this paragraph. If you absolutely want to keep it, let's preface it by saying that in this case its best to wait until the API has been migrated. Only if that is absolutely not an option, do use TextScaler.textScaleFactor.

code like so:

Before:
```dart 
UnmigratedTextWidget( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(context),
  ...
)
```

After:
```dart 
UnmigratedTextWidget( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScalerOf(context).textScaleFactor,
  ...
)
```

If you wish to compute the scaled font size yourself, use `TextScaler.scale` 
instead of the `*` binary operator:

Before:
```dart 
final scaledFontSize = textStyle.fontSize * MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(context);
```

After:
```dart 
final scaledFontSize = MediaQuery.textScalerOf(context).scale(textStyle.fontSize);
```

> If the API that provides `textScaleFactor` hasn't been migrated, consider 

Reviewer 2: Basically move this before the "bad" migration advice above. (Or better: just remove that "bad" advice)

waiting for the migrated version.

If you are using `textScaleFactor` to scale dimensions that are not font sizes, 
there are no generic rules for migrating the code to nonlinear scaling, and it 
might require the UI to be implemented differently. Reusing the `MyTooltipBox` 
example:
```dart 
MyTooltipBox( 
  size: chatBoxSize * textScaleFactor,
  child: RichText(..., style: TextStyle(fontSize: 20)),
)
```
You could choose to use the "effective" text scale factor by applying the 
`TextScaler` on the font size 20: `chatBoxSize * textScaler.scale(20) / 20`, or
redesign the UI and let the widget assume its own intrinsic size.

### Overriding the text scaling strategy in a widget subtree

To override the existing `TextScaler` used in a widget subtree, override the 
`MediaQuery` like so:

Before:
```dart
MediaQuery( 
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaleFactor: 2.0),
  child: child,
)
```

After:
```dart
MediaQuery( 
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaler: _myCustomTextScaler),
  child: child,
)
```

> However it's rarely needed to create a custom `TextScaler` subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it's rarely needed to create a custom `TextScaler` subclass.
```

`MediaQuery.withNoTextScaling` (which creates a widget that disables text scaling 
altogether for its child subtree), and `MediaQuery.withClampedTextScaling` (which 
creates a widget that restricts the scaled font size to within the range 
`[minScaleFactor * fontSize, maxScaleFactor * fontSize]`), are convenience methods 
that cover common cases where the text scaling strategy needs to be overridden. 

#### Examples

**Disabling Text Scaling For Icon Fonts**
Before:
```dart 
MediaQuery(
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaleFactor: 1.0),
  child: IconTheme(
    data: ..,
    child: icon,
  ),
)
```

After 
```dart 
MediaQuery.withNoTextScaling(
  child: IconTheme(
    data: ...
    child: icon,
  ),
)
```

**Preventing Contents From Overscaling**
Before:
```dart 
final mediaQueryData = MediaQuery.of(context);
MediaQuery(
  data: mediaQueryData.copyWith(textScaleFactor: math.min(mediaQueryData.textScaleFactor, _kMaxTitleTextScaleFactor),
  child: child,
)
```

After
```dart 
MediaQuery.withClampedTextScaling(
  maxScaleFactor: _kMaxTitleTextScaleFactor,
  child: title,
)
```

## Timeline

> Landed in version: xxx<br>

Reviewer: I can't land this PR until the "Landed in" field is filled out.

Author: I'm planning to land the PR on thursday.

| `Text.textScaleFactor` getter                                           | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `EditableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument  | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `EditableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                   | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |

### Material library

| Affected APIs                                                                 | Error Message                                          |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `SelectableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument      | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.rich({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |

> ## Migration guide

Reviewer 2: since non-linear text scaling isn't actually implemented I would focus the guide just on the change from textScaleFactor to textScaler and what app developers need to do to adapt to that. (In the context section it is good to mention the non-linear scaling as motivation for the change, but we shouldn't leave the impression that that's already implemented and shouldn't ask people to test it)

As an example, the following widget might not look great on Android 14 at 200% 
scaling:

```dart 
// It's not good for tooltips to be cutoff vertically, or to take too much space 
// on screen as it blocks contents.
MyTooltipBox( 
  size: tooltipBoxSize * textScaleFactor,
  child: RichText(..., style: TextStyle(fontSize: 20)),
)
```

With nonlinear scaling at 200%, the actual font size used by the `RichText` 
widget is 21 (instead of 40), and the `MyTooltipBox` widget would take 
significantly more screen space than needed, potentially making the tooltip 
annoying. On the other hand, at a smaller font size, the tooltip's text could be 
cutoff due to insufficient vertical space.

Adopting nonlinear text scaling might not be an easy task. If you're unsure about 
how to migrate certian `textScaleFactor` usages, or when it is going to take an
extended period of time (for example, when the UI has to be redesigned), 
consider replacing `textScaleFactor` with `TextScaler.textScaleFactor` first. The 
`TextScaler.textScaleFactor` getter was added for backward compatibility during 
the migration process and is expected to have a longer lifetime than other 

> `textScaleFactor` deprecations. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should promise a longer deprecation period. The regular policy applies here (for now).

### Migrating your APIs that expose `textScaleFactor`

Before:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, double textScaleFactor) { 
  }
}
```

After:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, TextScaler textScaler) { 
    // For now, implementers can still access the `textScaleFactor`.

>     // scalar via textScaler.textScaleFactor. 

Reviewer 2: Let's focus the guide on what the right way to migrate is, e.g. how should textScaler be used correctly?

Reviewer 2: Ideally, this guide shouldn't mention `textScaler.textScaleFactor` at all since that is not the right way to migrate your code long-term. If necessary, we can at the very end mention it for completeness, but it I wouldn't focus the guide this much around it. It's not a long-term solution and asking people to migrate to something that is already deprecated is somewhat frustrating.

Author: Should I add a section for apps that don't target Android 14 and tell them to add an extension?

Reviewer 2: Is that realistic for an app to not target Android 14? That'll have to happen sooner or later, no? I don't think I would spend too much time on how to do the thing we don't want developers to do...

Author: that's true for desktop-only apps or web-only apps I think?

Reviewer 2: lol, ok. The long-term goal is that TextScaler is the only text scaling mechanism in Flutter, though. And I don't think we should (pretend to) support anything else. The migration guide should show people how to migrate to TextScaler, which is the API we want people to use and the only one we will actually support in the future.

Author: I'll save that for the migration guide for nonlinear text scaling

---

> title: Deprecate `textScaleFactor` in favor of `TextScaler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deprecate textScaleFactor in favor of TextScaler
```
We don't use codefont in titles.

description: The `textScaleFactor` scalar is replaced by `TextScaler` in preparation for Android 14 nonlinear text scaling support.
---

## Summary

In preparation for adopting the [Android 14 nonlinear font scaling][] feature, 

> all occurrances of `textScaleFactor` in the Flutter framework have been 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all occurrences of `textScaleFactor` in the Flutter framework have been 
```

deprecated and replaced by `TextScaler`.

## Context

> Many platforms allow users to scale up / down textual contents globally in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many platforms allow users to scale textual contents up or down globally in
```

system preferences. In the past, the scaling strategy was captured as a single 
`double` value named `textScaleFactor`, as text scaling was proportional: 

> `scaledFontSize = textScaleFactor x unScaledFontSize`. For example, When 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scaledFontSize = textScaleFactor x unScaledFontSize`. For example, when 
```

`textScaleFactor` is 2.0 and the developer-specified font size is 14.0, the 
actual font size is 2.0 x 14.0 = 28.0.

With the introduction of [Android 14 nonlinear font scaling][], larger text gets
scaled at a lesser rate as compared to smaller text, to prevent excessive scaling

> of text that is already large enough. The `textScaleFactor` scalar value used by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of text that is already large. The `textScaleFactor` scalar value used by 
```
Who's to say it's already large enough?  ;)

"proportional" scaling is not enough to represent this new scaling strategy.

## Description of change

Introducing a new interface `TextScaler`, which represents a text scaling strategy.

```dart
abstract class TextScaler { 
  double scale(double fontSize);
  double get textScaleFactor; // Deprecated. 
}
```

The `scale` method should be used to scale font sizes in lieu of `textScaleFactor`.
The `textScaleFactor` getter provides an estimated `textScaleFactor` value, for 
backward compatibility purposes. It is already marked as "deprecated", but is 
expected to have a longer lifetime than any other deprecations in this migration 
guide.

The new class has replaced 
`double TextScaleFactor` (`double textScaleFactor` -> `TextScaleFactor textScaleFactor`),
in the following APIs:

> #### `Painting` Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Painting library
```
Skipping headers makes writers twitch... Also, we don't use text font in headers. And we use sentence case, not title case, for headers and titles.

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `InlineSpan.build({ double textScaleFactor = 1.0 })` argument                     | The named parameter 'textScaleFactor' isn't defined.   |
| `TextStyle.getParagraphStyle({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` argument          | The named parameter 'textScaleFactor' isn't defined".  |
| `TextStyle.getTextStyle({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })`  argument              | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `TextPainter({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument              | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `TextPainter.textScaleFactor` getter and setter                                   | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `TextPainter.computeWidth({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` argument             | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `TextPainter.computeMaxIntrinsicWidth({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` argument | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |

> #### `Rendering` Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rendering library
```

| Affected APIs                                                            | Error Message                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `RenderEditable({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument  | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `RenderEditable.textScaleFactor` getter and setter                       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `RenderParagraph({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `RenderParagraph.textScaleFactor` getter and setter                      | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |

> #### `Widgets` Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Widgets library
```

| `MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(BuildContext context)` static method      | 'textScaleFactorOf' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.      |
| `RichText({ double TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `RichText.textScaleFactor` getter                                       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `Text({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument          | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `Text.rich({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument     | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `Text.textScaleFactor` getter                                           | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `EditableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument  | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |
| `EditableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                   | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used.        |

> #### `Material` Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Material library
```

| `SelectableText({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument      | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.rich({ double? TextScaleFactor = 1.0 })` constructor argument | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |
| `SelectableText.textScaleFactor` getter                                       | 'textScaleFactor' is deprecated and shouldn't be used. |

## Migration guide

Widgets provided by the Flutter framework are already migrated. Migration is 
needed only if you're using any of the deprecated symbols listed above. 

However, the new Android 14 nonlinear scaling feature changes the UI of existing 
apps, even if your app does not directly use any of the deprecated APIs. If your 
app targets Android 14 devices, it is **strongly recommended** to test your app 
on Android 14 devices at different scaling levels, to make sure the UI is usable 
and functional, no matter whether the codebase needs migration or not. Please 
refer to the [Ensure Android 14 compatibility][] guide for steps to make sure 
your app is Android 14 compatible.

> As an example, the following widget may not look great on Android 14 at 200% 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, the following widget might not look great on Android 14 at 200% 
```

scaling:

```dart 
// It's not good for tooltips to be cutoff vertically, or to take too much space 
// on screen as it blocks contents.
MyTooltipBox( 
  size: chatBoxSize * textScaleFactor,
  child: RichText(..., style: TextStyle(fontSize: 20)),
)
```

With nonlinear scaling at 200%, the actual font size used by the `RichText` 

> widget is 21 (instead of 40), and the `MyTooltipBox` wigdet would take 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
widget is 21 (instead of 40), and the `MyTooltipBox` widget would take 
```

> significantly more screen space than needed, potentially make the tooltip 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
significantly more screen space than needed, potentially making the tooltip 
```

> annoying. On the other hand, at a smaller font size the tooltip's text could be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
annoying. On the other hand, at a smaller font size, the tooltip's text could be 
```

cutoff due to insufficient vertical space.

> Adopting nonlinear text scaling may not be an easy task. If you're unsure about 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting nonlinear text scaling might not be an easy task. If you're unsure about 
```

how to migrate certian `textScaleFactor` usages, or when it is going to take an
extended period of time (for example, when the UI has to be redesigned), 
consider replacing `textScaleFactor` with `TextScaler.textScaleFactor` first. The 
`TextScaler.textScaleFactor` getter is added for backward compatibility during 
the migration process and is expected to have a longer lifetime than other 
`textScaleFactor` deprecations. 

### Migrating your APIs that expose `textScaleFactor`

Before:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, double textScaleFactor) { 
  }
}
```

After:
```dart 
abstract class _MyCustomPaintDelegate { 
  void paint(PaintingContext context, Offset offset, TextScaler textScaler) { 

>     // For now, implementers will still be able to access the `textScaleFactor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // For now, implementers can still access the `textScaleFactor`.
```

    // scalar via textScaler.textScaleFactor. 
  }
}
```

### Migrating code that consumes `textScaleFactor`

If you're not currently using `textScaleFactor` directly, but rather passing it 

> to a different API that receivs a `textScaleFactor`, and the receiver API has 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a different API that receives a `textScaleFactor`, and the receiver API has 
```

already been migrated, then it's relateively straightforward:

Before:
```dart 
RichText( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(context),
  ...
)
```

After:
```dart 
RichText( 
  textScaler: MediaQuery.textScalerOf(context),
  ...
)
```

If the receiver API hasn't been migrated yet, it's still recommended to migrate
your code like so:

Before:
```dart 
UnmigratedTextWidget( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScaleFactorOf(context),
  ...
)
```

After:
```dart 
UnmigratedTextWidget( 
  textScaleFactor: MediaQuery.textScalerOf(context).textScaleFactor,
  ...
)
```

If the API that provides `textScaleFactor` hasn't been migrated, consider 
waiting for the migrated version.

If you are using `textScaleFactor` to scale dimensions that are not font sizes, 
there are no generic rules for migrating the code to nonlinear scaling, and it 

> may require the UI to be implemented differently. Reusing the `MyTooltipBox` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might require the UI to be implemented differently. Reusing the `MyTooltipBox` 
```

If it seems I hate "may", nope. But it's reserved for legal text.

example:
```dart 
MyTooltipBox( 
  size: chatBoxSize * textScaleFactor,
  child: RichText(..., style: TextStyle(fontSize: 20)),
)
```
You could choose to use the "effective" text scale factor by applying the 
`TextScaler` on the font size 20: `chatBoxSize * textScaler.scale(20) / 20`, or
redesign the UI and let the widget assume its own intrinsic size.

### Overriding the text scaling strategy in a widget subtree

To override the existing `TextScaler` used in a widget subtree, override the 
`MediaQuery` like so:

Before:
```dart
MediaQuery( 
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaleFactor: 2.0),
  child: child,
)
```

After:
```dart
MediaQuery( 
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaler: _myCustomTextScaler),
  child: child,
)
```

However it's rarely needed to create a custom `TextScaler` subclass.

> `MediaQuery.disableTextScaling` (which creates a widget that disables text scaling 
> altogether for its child subtree) and `MediaQuery.disableTextScaling` (which 
> creates a widget that restricts the scaled font size to within the range 
> `[minScaleFactor * fontSize, maxScaleFactor * fontSize]`) are convenience methods 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MediaQuery.disableTextScaling` (which creates a widget that disables text scaling 
altogether for its child subtree), and `MediaQuery.disableTextScaling` (which 
creates a widget that restricts the scaled font size to within the range 
`[minScaleFactor * fontSize, maxScaleFactor * fontSize]`), are convenience methods 
```

that cover common cases where the text scaling strategy needs to be overridden. 

#### Examples

**Disabling Text Scaling For Icon Fonts**
Before:
```dart 
MediaQuery(
  data: MediaQuery.of(context).copyWith(textScaleFactor: 1.0),
  child: IconTheme(
    data: ..,
    child: icon,
  ),
)
```

After 
```dart 
MediaQuery.disableTextScaling(
  child: IconTheme(
    data: ...
    child: icon,
  ),
)
```

**Preventing Contents From Overscaling**
Before:
```dart 
final mediaQueryData = MediaQuery.of(context);
MediaQuery(
  data: mediaQueryData.copyWith(textScaleFactor: math.min(mediaQueryData.textScaleFactor, _kMaxTitleTextScaleFactor),
  child: child,
)
```

After
```dart 
MediaQuery.withClampedTextScaling(
  maxScaleFactor: _kMaxTitleTextScaleFactor,
  child: title,
)
```

## Timeline

{% comment %}
  The version # of the SDK where this change was
  introduced.  If there is a deprecation window,
  the version # to which we guarantee to maintain
  the old API. Use the following template:

> 
>   If a breaking change has been reverted in a
>   subsequent release, move that item to the
>   "Reverted" section of the index.md file.
>   Also add the "Reverted in version" line,
>   shown as optional below. Otherwise, delete
>   that line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'm pretty sure we won't have to worry about reverting this...

{% endcomment %}

Landed in version: xxx<br>
In stable release: not yet

> Reverted in version: xxx  (OPTIONAL, delete if not used)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Ditto.
